Six weeks ago you asked me to prepare a study on the efficacy of certain cholesterol reducing agents over a two month period. I am now one month into the study and want to give you some preliminary results. My study compares cholesterol levels at the beginning, middle, and end of the two month period. This progress report shows the clinical results at mid-point in the study.

I have encountered very few problems so far. There are some participants who changed their diets or exercise routines contrary to my instructions. Preliminary results indicate that this may have little impact on the study. I welcome any suggestions you may have after reviewing the report.


//................................................................................
Dear Ms. Bigshot:

Here is the report of desktop videoconferencing that you requested in your letter to us on October 15th.  As you will see, desktop videoconferencing has many attractive features and is being implemented by a wide range of businesses.

Because Lots-O'- Money  is looking for an alternative to telephone conference calls, we carefully researched this emerging communication market.  Our report first identifies the benefits of desktop video conferencing versus telephone conference calls.  We then compare the top three desktop video conferencing products using four common evaluation criteria.  Finally, our conclusions and recommendations identify the best videoconferencing hardware and software solutions for your company within the limitations that you specified.

Thank you, Ms. Bigshot, for the opportunity to prepare this report.  Please call if you have any questions or would like further information.  We hope you will think of Waycool Consultants for your future research needs.

Sincerely,


//..........................................................................
Dear Sir,

With due respect we, the undersigned students of BBA 13th (B) batch have reported on “National Budget of Bangladesh” under the course: Business Law.

Though we are in learning curve, this report has enabled us to gain insight into the core fact of National Budget. So it becomes as an extremely challenging and interesting experience. Thank you for your supportive consideration for formulating an idea. Without your 
Inspiring
 this report would have been an incomplete one.

Lastly I would be thankful once again if you please give your judicious advice on effort.

Finally, I would like to thank you for the opportunity this report gave me to familiarise myself with the Peacock Island environment and its inhabitants, and to develop my research skills, which will be invaluable for future projects

//............................................................................
To
 Md. Abul Kalam Azad
 Internship Supervisor & Lecturer in Mathematics
 Department of Business Administration
 International Islamic University Cghittagong
 Dhaka campus.

Subject: Submission of internship report on “Customer Satisfaction of Akij Food & Beverage Ltd: A Case Study of Clemon Soft Drink”

Dear Sir,

It is an immense pleasure for me to submit you internship report titled “Customer Satisfaction of Akij Food & Beverage Ltd: A Case Study of Clemon Soft Drink”. I was assigned to work at Head office of AFBL. I have tried my level best to fulfill all my requirements of this course and tried to follow my supervisor’s instructions while preparing this report. This gave me the opportunity to theoretical knowledge in practical field, which help me in my future career.

It would be a profound pleasure for me if the report can serve its purpose. I would be available in any time to explain you any queries if feel necessary.

Thanking You

Sincerely Yours

//.........................

Md. Goleam Faruqe (P.hd)
 Visiting Faculty
 MBA
 Stamford University

Subject: Submission of Report.

Dear Sir,

We are pleased to submit the report that you asked for & gave us the authorization to work on “Marketing Strategies on XYZ Stamford Pran Dairy Farm this report is an essential part of our course, we tried our best to work on it carefully and sincerely to make the report informative.

The study I conducted enhanced our knowledge to make an executive report. This report has given us an exceptional experience that might have immense uses in the future endeavors and I sincerely hope that it would be able to fulfill your expectations.

We have put our sincere effort to give this report a presentable shape and make it as informative and precise as possible.  We thank you for providing us with this unique opportunity.

//.............................................................................

Dear Mr Landry,

Enclosed is the report you commissioned on 12 May 2009 on the Tourism Industry on Peacock Island, NSW.  The main findings of the report are:
•that the growth of the industry has been substantial (35% since 01 January 2009) due to the increased awareness of and interest in the peacock population of the island; 
•that the peacocks' nesting habits are beginning to be disrupted by tourism; 
•that tourism on the island needs to be carefully managed so the peacocks are no longer disturbed by the increase in human activity, and 
•that the government should consider placing some restrictions on tourist numbers and designating appropriate peacock viewing areas. 

It should be considered that the Mayor of Peacock Island, Ms Annabelle Devereaux, was unavailable for comment throughout the period in which this report was being researched, so her input should be sought before any further decisions are made.

I would like to acknowledge the assistance of the Peacock Island Tourism Board, and particularly its Chief Administrator, Jan Stevenson, in writing this report.

Finally, I would like to thank you for the opportunity this report gave me to familiarise myself with the Peacock Island environment and its inhabitants, and to develop my research skills, which will be invaluable for future projects.

Regards,

Shyla Graham.


